pelican junior transition from an
exciting new rookie to an extremely lame
looking in an alarmingly short amount of
time JJ Watt kind of looks like a fat
Macklemore
I've been deep and sincere hatred for
DeMarco Murray Opie chokes on son like
me buddy
surprise Michael Irvin can see all these
stupid things with DeMarco Murray so far
down low Tony Romo sits down to pee or
what other ways are people written words
walking stupid slow like he just sharted
Terrell Davis acting like a real mech
right now yeah
I'm tired of people saying Russell
Wilson is too short to play quarterback
he's ugly too Roy Miller looks like an
80 year old man from 1974 Joey Bosa
looked like a dude who wanted to be a
magician but his parents made him focus
on football Maurice jones-drew is
thicker than a milkshake Mike come on
man DeMarcus Ware got the dinette here
looking like a jumbo Milton Josh Norman
that book to me can't cover ah really
Robert Ozzy is one of the dumbest people
in the world I have no problem between
this because he probably can't read it
I just read it you've done Michael
Strahan teeth are having a middle school
dance with a boys fan on one side of the
world and the girls stand on the other
just for you
[Applause]